capital = 907 #Cairo
#oob = ""

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = BAF_acr
recruit_character = BAF_stc
recruit_character = BAF_awt
recruit_character = BAF_pot
recruit_character = BAF_mt
recruit_character = BAF_ncm
recruit_character = BAF_nt
recruit_character = BAF_acd2
recruit_character = BAF_fascist_guy
recruit_character = BAF_ncs
recruit_character = BAF_nccr
recruit_character = BAF_aco2
recruit_character = BAF_communist_guy
recruit_character = BAF_ai2
recruit_character = BAF_ar
recruit_character = BAF_coi
recruit_character = BAF_acas
recruit_character = BAF_acgs
recruit_character = BAF_aa2
recruit_character = BAF_democratic_guy

1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {

		#doctrines
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 97
	fascism = 2
	communism = 1
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Lord Killearn"
	desc = "BAF_Lord_Killearn_desc"
	picture = GFX_portrait_BAF_Lord_Killearn
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = liberalism
	#traits = {
	#	power_of_the_british_empire
	#}
}

add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research

BAF_add_cores = yes

