capital = 123

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
}

set_convoys = 10

recruit_character = WSX_aa2
recruit_character = WSX_awt
recruit_character = WSX_coi
recruit_character = WSX_stc
recruit_character = WSX_acgs
recruit_character = WSX_nccr
recruit_character = WSX_ncs
recruit_character = WSX_nt
recruit_character = WSX_communist_guy
recruit_character = WSX_acr
recruit_character = WSX_pot
recruit_character = WSX_aco2
recruit_character = WSX_mt
recruit_character = WSX_ar
recruit_character = WSX_fascist_guy
recruit_character = WSX_acd2
recruit_character = WSX_ncm
recruit_character = WSX_ai2
recruit_character = WSX_acas
recruit_character = WSX_democratic_guy

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	oob = "IRE_1939"
	set_technology = {
		gw_artillery = 1
		interwar_antiair = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		fuel_silos = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1933.1.24"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 97
	fascism = 2
	communism = 1
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "British Government"
	desc = "SCO_British_Government_desc"
	picture = GFX_portrait_SCO_British_Government
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = liberalism
	#traits = {
	#	inexperienced_imperialist
	#}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "British Government"
	desc = "SCO_British_Government_desc"
	picture = GFX_portrait_SCO_British_Government
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = oligarchism
	#traits = {
	#	inexperienced_imperialist
	#}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "British Government"
	desc = "SCO_British_Government_desc"
	picture = GFX_portrait_SCO_British_Government
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = gen_nazism
	#traits = {
	#	inexperienced_imperialist
	#}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "British Government"
	desc = "SCO_British_Government_desc"
	picture = GFX_portrait_SCO_British_Government
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = marxism
	#traits = {
	#	inexperienced_imperialist
	#}
}

add_to_tech_sharing_group = commonwealth_research

ENG = {

	set_autonomy = {
		target = WSX
		#autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		autonomous_state = autonomy_verge_of_release
	}

	
	add_to_faction = WSX		# Must be after puppet
}

add_ideas = {
	SCO_idea_english_push
}
